- Read our rentry for everything if you'd like, all our of our interests and such are in there. It's in the links.
"operativekennedy" is Leon exclusive.
"Pandemoniums" is our system and overall Pony Town related strawpage.

PLEASE READ: 
We reiterate this in every link provided but I'm going to reiterate it here as well, we're medically recognized as a system and have been for the past 8 years. Not by one but various doctors, and are currently on the road to a full diagnosis. Being on a Pony game and not being ashamed of our disorder doesn't automatically invalidate our struggles and existence entirely. You not seeing the full scale of our symptoms that are no where near just alter related doesn't invalidate our existence. I, as the primary host of our system, talking in a way one might find silly or absurd, doesn't invalidate any of our medical records or the teeth and nails we fought with to get help in a world like this. If you really think someone with DID can't partake in any of these decisions and activities then I'm not even sure what to say. Having a disorder, and not being quiet about having it, doesn't make it nonexistent. If that were the case I'm sure most of us with such disorders would be shouting from the rooftops every second of every hour to make this go away, but it doesn't.

There's little comfort in the world for the disabled and mentally ill, especially now more than ever, and anything fun and enjoyable we can have that costs us nothing to enjoy is not only an amazing freedom but gives us more reason to enjoy life. For us, one of those things are video games, such as the one you've found this disclaimer through. 
Being able to be online as yourself and be open about who you are is not a luxury we all get, there's certainly millions out there who won't be as lucky as our system is both in person and online to have love and support, the ability to seek help, the knowledge that led us to getting help, and the confidence to be perfectly open and uncaring about ourselves.
That's partially why I choose to make myself clear I am here, I won't disappear unless its by my own volition, and I am not harming anyone by existing.
You as a stranger do not owe anyone kindness on the internet, but it won't hurt you to simply ignore or provide consideration to others. If you somehow can't do something so bare minimum, then that isn't my problem.
Attempting to fakeclaim us is entirely useless, because you as a stranger on the internet aren't going to have any opinion I value more than multiple professionals. It isn't going to magically make the disorder vanish because you personally are ignorant or can't handle the idea that not all systems are the same in behavior and appearance. I'm still going to go see professionals and get assistance with this disorder. That is final, and always will be.

I only chose to write this disclaimer not because I particularly care for worthless hate or fakeclaiming, but because hopefully those reading this could understand there's humanization past the internet and what little you actually saw, and knowing the internet I'm also not niave enough to assume someone going on someone else's page to randomly harass them or toss negativity at them is willing to actually read anything or care for the contents of any message. So this disclaimer is also intended for anyone who does care for others and for other systems. 

Let it be known I appreciate all kindness recieved through our page, I wish I could respond to you directly; and let it be known I see you, fellow systems, diagnosed or not. I hope you all someday recieve the kindness and support you need to become stronger and healthier as time passes. Anyone suffering under the grip of mental illness, neurodivergence, or disabilities. Anyone suffering under the boot of their authority using this one shared space for relief, I hope you nothing but the best.
